Update wiki page of GBC 2023 Autumn (#10710)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/GBC/GBC_2023_Autumn/en.md

## Podium

This competition has come to an end and resulted in the following podium:

### QQ Division

| Placing | Player |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | Q12: Team 12 |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | Q3: 兰州拉面专业培训班 |
| ![Bronze crown片](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | Q16: DWG.BurgerkingReisen |

### Discord Division

| Placing | Player |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | D9: 麦当劳护肤 |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | D2: viets sing |
| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | D12: Sunaookami Shiroko |

## Match results

### QQ Division Grand Finals

Detailed statistics for this round can be found [here](https://docs.qq.com/sheet/DTU92VHRFUm1nTm9Z?tab=xiki0i).

Saturday, 16 December 2023:

| Team A |  |  | Team B | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **Q3: 兰州拉面专业培训班** | **7** | 3 | Q16: DWG.BurgerkingReisen | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/111749143) |

> | **Q12: Team 12** | **7** | 5 | Q3: 兰州拉面专业培训班 | [#2](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/111750301) |

Reviewer: the match links should all be `#1`. it's just a formatting thing. if there are two multiplayer lobbies for one match, it'd be `[#1](), [#2]()`

| Q1: 干什么! | 3 | **7** | **Q3: 兰州拉面专业培训班** | [#2](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/111446109) |
| Q15: 1！5！ | 3 | **7** | **Q6: 咖啡配魔爪心脏咚咚咚** | [#6](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/111446197) |

### Discord Division Grand Finals

Detailed statistics for this round can be found [here](https://docs.qq.com/sheet/DTU92VHRFUm1nTm9Z?tab=xiki0i).

Saturday, 16 December 2023:

| Team A |  |  | Team B | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| D12: Sunaookami Shiroko | 4 | **7** | **D2: viets sing** | [#4](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/111750031) |

Sunday, 17 December 2023:

| Team A |  |  | Team B | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| D9: 麦当劳护肤 | 3 | **7** | **D2: viets sing** | [#5](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/111768838) |
| D2: viets sing | 2 | **7** | **D9: 麦当劳护肤** | [#6](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/111768838) |

### Discord Division Finals

Detailed statistics for this round can be found [here](https://docs.qq.com/sheet/DTU92VHRFUm1nTm9Z?tab=wmnmix).

Saturday, 9 December 2023:

| Team A |  |  | Team B | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |

> | **D2: viets sing** | **0** | -1 | D1: ChatGBC | Win by default |

Reviewer: on all of these

```suggestion
| **D2: viets sing** | **0** | -1 | D1: ChatGBC | *win by default* |
```

### Stage instructions

1. Following the Qualifier stage, all players will participate in a phase to form teams, called the *drafting phase*. Both divisions will have independent drafting phases. All unpicked players will be eliminated from the tournament.
2. Following the drafting phase, a Swiss stage will be played in both zones, called the *regular stage*. 16 teams will advance in both zones, and the others get eliminated from the tournament.

> 3. Following the regular stage, the elimination stage will be played in both divisions, called *playoffs*. The top 8 teams from the regular stage in each zones will advance to a winner bracket, other teams will get into loser bracket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Following the regular stage, the elimination stage will be played in both divisions, called *playoffs*. The top 8 teams from the regular stage in each zone will advance to a winner bracket, other teams will get into loser bracket.
```

### Mappool instructions

1. There will be nine separate mappools.
   - Qualifiers will use a separate mappool.

>    - From the mappool #1 in regular stage round 1, every mappool will change half of the pool from the previous one. Mappool #2 will change all the RC map from mappool #1, and mappool #3 will change all the HB + LN map from mappool #2. This process will repeat until the last mappool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - From the mappool #1 in regular stage round 1, every mappool will change half of the pool from the previous one. Mappool #2 will change all the RC maps from mappool #1, and mappool #3 will change all the HB + LN map from mappool #2. This process will repeat until the last mappool.
```

>    - SV map will also follow that rules, mappool #2 will change SV1, mappool #3 will change SV2, so on until the last mappool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - SV maps also follow the same rule: mappool #2 will change SV1, mappool #3 will change SV2, and so on until the last mappool.
```

>    - TB map will always be changed in each mappools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - TB maps will always be changed in each mappool.
```

>    - Per Quarterfinals mappool size expansion, there will be an extra RC map released in that mappool than round 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Due to the Quarterfinals mappool size expansion, there will be an extra RC map in that mappool compared to round 4.
```

2. Each mappool consists of a fixed amount of maps each stage which will all be played under [FreeMod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#freemod) conditions. This means that there is a unique FreeMod bracket.
3. The mappool sizes are as follows:

>    - Qualifiers: 8 beatmaps   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Qualifiers: 8 beatmaps
```

>    - Mappool in regular phase: 15 beatmaps
>    - Mappool in elimination phase: 17 beatmaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Mappool in the regular phase: 15 beatmaps
   - Mappool in the elimination phase: 17 beatmaps.
```

### Mappool instructions

1. There will be nine separate mappools.
   - Qualifiers will use a separate mappool.
   - From the mappool #1 in regular stage round 1, every mappool will change half of the pool from the previous one. Mappool #2 will change all the RC maps from mappool #1, and mappool #3 will change all the HB + LN map from mappool #2. This process will repeat until the last mappool.
   - SV maps also follow the same rule: mappool #2 will change SV1, mappool #3 will change SV2, and so on until the last mappool.
   - TB maps will always be changed in each mappool.

>    - Due to the Quarterfinals mappool size expansion, there will be an extra RC map in that mappool compared to round 4.

Reviewer: following explanation on discord

```suggestion
   - The mappool size expands by 1 slot in the Quarterfinals, adding one extra RC map to the pool. For this round, the rest of the RC maps are kept from the previous round, while the HB + LN maps are switched to new ones.
```
